Add homebrew tap (#68)
jorgerojas26/lazysql: README.md

### Installation

#### Homebrew

```bash
brew tap jorgerojas26/lazysql
brew install lazysql
```

#### Install with go package manager

```bash
go install github.com/jorgerojas26/lazysql@latest
```

#### Binary Releases

> For Windows, Mac OS or Linux, you can download a binary release [here](https://github.com/jorgerojas26/lazysql/releases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Windows, macOS or Linux, you can download a binary release [here](https://github.com/jorgerojas26/lazysql/releases)
```

#### Third party (maintained by the community)

> Archlinux users can install it from the AUR with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Arch Linux users can install it from the AUR with:
```
